[APPSEC-73] Modify rule S6096: Educational content (C#) (#1190)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6096/common/fix/code-rationale.adoc

> The following code is vulnerable to Zip Slip as it is constructing a path using untrusted data. This path is then used to copy a file without being validated first. Therefore, it can be leveraged by an attacker to overwrite arbitrary files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code is vulnerable to Zip Slip as it is constructing a path using an archive entry name. This path is then used to copy a file without being validated first. Therefore, it can be leveraged by an attacker to overwrite arbitrary files.
```
